1. The water cycle recycles and distributes water, an necessity for many forms of life, all across the Earth. Without it, organisms wouldn't have access to the clean water that they need to survive and we wouldn't be able to support a natural flow of water moving from area to area. Water is required for many other activities, such as fishing, and without it, we wouldn't be able to perform such activities as well. 
1a. Evaporation refers to the vaporization of water molecules from its liquid form, using the heat from the Sun. Note: not the same as transpiration
1b. Change of state of matter from gaseous form to liquid form, occurs in cool temperatures.
1c. A portion of the atmosphere becomes saturated with water vapor, causing the vapor to condense in the air and falls down to the atmosphere. 
1d. Transpiration is the process of water vapor being released from the surface of the leaves of a plant.
1e. Infiltration is the process of water seeping into the surface soil. Once its in the soil, it can proceed to weather rocks or be absorbed by plants roots. It comes from runoff and only occurs if the soil isn't already fully saturated with water.
1f. Absorption is the process of water being removed from the saturated soil by being absorbed by roots.
1g. Surface runoff is water that wasn't picked up by vegetation or soil, opting to instead flow over land surfaces until reaching a body of water.
1h. The process of consuming water and food (with water in it).
1i. A technique (sweating) that primates use to maintain stable temperature levels. Other creatures use panting (releasing water) in order to achieve the same results.
1j. Animals excrete extra water from their body. Kidneys filter out waste and water from their blood, leaving the body as urine. 
2. The water cycle supports weathering, it transports water and utilizes water as a medium of travel for sediments to move through. The water can be used in frost wedging, allowing it to access the correct area. Along with that, it moves sediments used in abrasion to make collisions with the rock in question. 
3. The water cycle supports erosion by supporting the movement of nutrients and sediment matter that is eroded. With the runoff (coastal and surface), all the nutrients are fallen into bodies of water, which then stores/ moves the matter around. Along with that, the water cycle moves matter (wind?, sediments, sand, water) around in order to cause the nutrient-packed matter (mountains being eroded) to move into bodies of water. 
4. The Sun drives the water cycle, without it, the energy required to perform transpiration and evaporation would not be there, stopping the water cycle from essentially cycling. The Sun also allows all processes involving living things to occur, since they require glucose (produced from photosynthesis) to make energy.
5. Weathering refers to the breaking down of rocks, while erosion refers to the moving of already weathered rocks. 
6 Physical weathering effects the physical appearance of the rock/sediment without effecting its chemical composition. Chemical weathering breaks down a rock by changing its chemical composition, not just physical appearance.  
7. Biological Action: When natural matter and roots disrupt existing sediments and rock structures, causing the rock/sediment to bend (or attempt to) and crack under the forces/pressures inflicted upon them. Abrasion: When different mediums (wind, water, ice) cause sediments to make contact with a rock, chipping it away over time, Frost Wedging: The freezing and thawing of water within small cracks of rock, eventually making more cracks and breaking apart rock further since water expands as it freeze. 
8. Acid Rain: When pollutants in the air mix with water vapor, eventually condensing and raining down water with acidic properties. This causes the rock to chemically break down as the rock reacts with the acid. Oxidation: Rusting; Oxygen mixes minerals to form rust, speeds up when in presence of water. Hydrolysis: Rocks absorb water, chemically changing the composition of the rock, its flexibility (hardness).  
9. The more precipitation there is, the more opportunities for weathering and erosion to occur
10. When temperatures increase, there is more heat energy available for chemical weathering. There is no way to really generalize the relationship between temperatures, since it varies on method. Along with that, frost wedging occurs in cold temperatures. 
11. Locations with hot temperatures: there is more heat energy to use to drive the chemical reactions involved in chemical weathering. Locations with lots of moisture: More moisture means a higher prevalence of water, and the water cycle occurring. The water cycle is essential to the weathering process as it transports minerals and brings required matter to the correct places.
12. A dry area: Not much access to the water cycle and all of its properties, including its ability to act as a medium of travel for sediments/other matter used for weathering purposes, and its direct role in frost wedging. An area at low elevations: There is less open access/exposure to weathering matter (rain, snow, wind). This also decreases the gradient, causing any additional sediment that would've been carried through water to be allocated/distributed to a variety of other places
13. Coastal Runoff: Water/wind moves across the surface of the Earth, making contact with the mountain. This causes nutrient heavy matter to fall into the ocean.  Surface Runoff: Nutrients are carried through multiple ecosystems through bodies of water (rivers, streams). This allows for the recycling of such nutrients.
14. Small scaled erosion has a much different effect than large scaled does. It can both be harmful to the ecosystem, and rewarding. Small scale erosion supports the cycling of matter throughout multiple ecosystems, but also can decrease the amount of biodiversity as more organisms break away from their natural habitat. 
15. Mass wasting: A large mass of rock, increasing in speed, collecting more energy/power as it continues down a slope. Once it makes contact with a habitat, it causes much destruction.  Glacial Movement: Blocks of ice slowly move across land, rocks and sediments are picked up by such glacier (blocks of ice)
16. Large scale erosion severely weakens biodiversity. In areas were mass wasting occurs, entire habitats are wiped out, disabling many organisms ability to be supported in such environment/ecosystem. Along with that, glacial movement only allows for select microscopic organisms to inhabit the biosphere in that area. This once again limits the biodiversity that that area could've contained.
17. Gradient: slope of which water runs across. When theres a sharper slope, water moves at a faster rate, picking up more sediments and sand, causing more erosion to occur. 